---
title: 'Build & Deploy'
page: 11
links:
  - title: 'Building'
    link: '#building'
  - title: 'Deploying'
    link: '#deploying'
---

Now, we have our portfolio ready. Now we can exit out of our development server (Ctrl + C in Windows and Cmd + C in mac) and build the production build.

## Building

`ulka` has a command called `build` to build the production ready site. Let's build ours then.

```bash
npm run build # OR npx ulka build
```

This is will create a new folder in your root directory. This name of folder will be same as `buildPath` we specified in `ulka-config.js`.

<br />
You can find the all the command in ulka [here](/docs/introduction)

## Deploying

Now we have a production build we should deploy our portfolio to a internet.

<br />

### Netlify

Deploying site generated by ulka to netlify is no different then deploying other sites. You can follow [this](https://www.netlify.com/blog/2016/09/29/a-step-by-step-guide-deploying-on-netlify/) article.

<br />

### Github pages

Deploying to github pages may require some configuration.

<br />

- **my-username.github.io**

  If you are deploying your site with this typeof path then no configuration is needed. It's same as deploying the other sites. Use `gh-pages` to deploy your build folder.

<br />

- **my-username.github.io/my-portoflio**

  If you deploying your to a path like this then you need to do a little configuration. The steps are described below.

  - Open `ulka-config.js` and add a new key called `prefixUrl` and set the value to the path.

    For eg:
    If you are deploying to `coderosh.github.io/my-portfolio`, then prefixUrl should be `/my-portfolio/`

  - Change the navigation urls. Edit your all navigation urls by prefixing href with `info.prefix`.

    For eg:

    ```
    <a href="/blog">Blog</a>
    ```

    Change above code to

    ```
    <a herf="\{% info.prefix %}blog">Home</a>
    ```

    > If link inside href is auto generated by ulka then you don't need to change it.

  - That's it now you can use `gh-pages` and deploy build folder.
